Update scopes docs (#7071)
auth0/docs: articles/scopes/current/sample-use-cases.md

## Authenticate a user and request standard claims

In this example, we want to authenticate a user and get user details that will allow us to personalize our UI. To do this, we want to get an ID Token that contains the user's name, nickname, profile picture, and email information.

1. Initiate the authentication flow by sending the user to the authorization URL and requesting an ID Token:

```text
https://${account.namespace}/authorize?
  scope=openid%20profile%20email&
  response_type=id_token&
  client_id=${account.clientId}&
  redirect_uri=${account.callback}&
  nonce=YOUR_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_NONCE
  state=YOUR_OPAQUE_VALUE
```

Notice that in this example: 

* the `response_type` parameter includes one value:
  * `id_token` (to get an ID Token)
* the `scope` parameter includes three values: 
  * `openid` (to indicate that the application intends to use OIDC to verify the user's identity)
  * `profile` (to get `name`, `nickname`, and `picture`)
  * `email` (to get `email` and `email_verified`)

> 2. After the user consents and Auth0 redirects back to your app, extract the ID Token from the hash fragment of the URL and decode it.

Reviewer: I think we need to be explicit here and say that user consent only occurs for 3rd-party applications - a type of app that _very few_ of our customers are using today. The vast majority are building 1st-party apps, which skip the OAuth consent prompt during authorization.

You should see the following claims:

```json
{
  "name": "John Doe",
  "nickname": "john.doe",
  "picture": "https://myawesomeavatar.com/avatar.png",
  "updated_at": "2017-03-30T15:13:40.474Z",
  "email": "john.doe@test.com",
  "email_verified": false,
  "iss": "https://${account.namespace}/",
  "sub": "auth0|USER-ID",
  "aud": "${account.clientId}",
  "exp": 1490922820,
  "iat": 1490886820,
  "nonce": "crypto-value",
  "at_hash": "IoS3ZGppJKUn3Bta_LgE2A"
}
```

Your app now can retrieve the user attributes and use them to personalize your UI.

## Request custom API access

> In this example, we expand on our previous example requesting standard claims to also include a custom permission for a calendar API that will allow the calling application to read appointments for the user. To do this, we want to get an additional token--an Access Token containing the proper permission level to read appointments from the API.

Reviewer 2: I think this is probably already on the docs team radar, but we are starting to advise against the implicit flow. https://auth0.com/blog/oauth2-implicit-grant-and-spa/ So perhaps this sample needs to be updated?

> In this example, we expand on our previous example requesting standard claims to also include a custom permission for a calendar API that will allow the calling application to read appointments for the user. To do this, we want to get an additional token--an Access Token containing the proper permission level to read appointments from the API.

Reviewer: Sorry to beat a dead horse, but it should be:
```suggestion
In this example, we expand on our previous example requesting standard claims to also include a custom scope for a calendar API that will allow the calling application to read appointments for the user. To do this, we want to get an additional token--an Access Token containing the proper scope to read appointments from the API.
```

::: note
Before using a custom API, you need to know what permissions are available for the API you are calling. If the custom API is under your control, you need to register both your application and API with Auth0 and [define the permissions for your API using the Auth0 Dashboard](/scopes/current/guides/define-api-scope-dashboard). You can also use defined permissions to [customize the consent prompt](/scopes/current/guides/customize-consent-prompt) for your users.
:::

1. Initiate the authentication flow by sending the user to the authorization URL and requesting tokens:

```text
https://${account.namespace}/authorize?
  audience=YOUR_API_AUDIENCE&
  scope=openid%20profile%20email%20read:appointments&
  response_type=id_token%20token&
  client_id=${account.clientId}&
  redirect_uri=${account.callback}&
  nonce=YOUR_CRYPTOGRAPHIC_NONCE
  state=YOUR_OPAQUE_VALUE
```

Notice that in this example:

* the `response_type` parameter now includes two values:
  * `id_token` (to get an ID Token)
  * `token` (to get an Access Token)

> * the `scope` parameter is used for both OpenID scopes and API permissions, so now includes four values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `scope` parameter is used for both OIDC scopes and our custom API scopes, so now includes four values: 
```
